{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Introduction: \
Wilfrid Laurier University uses an online learning management system called MyLearningSpace (MLS), which is a rebranded version of a product called BrightSpace, created by Desire2Learn (D2L) This educational platform allows students and instructors to communicate, share resources, and keep track of student progress. A vital part of this system is the feature that allows instructors to give feedback on student work. Currently the feedback system on MLS is very tedious and time consuming especially when creating individual feedback for large class sizes. The aim of this project is to make the feedback interface on MLS more user friendly and efficient.\
\
1.1 Purpose\
This documentation summarizes the goals and requirements of this project. This includes the functions implemented, platforms used. This document is created for developer as a basis for their work and understanding, and for the user to understand the functionality of this software.\
\
1.2 Scope\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<NAME HERE> This project adds user functionality the MLS platform by setting student grades and feedback using the BrightSpace API. The new functionality replaces the conventional feedback uploading techniques such as manual entry or through a Dropbox interface. The current MLS user interface allows the user to record student grades, accept student assignments and also perform online testing such as quizzes and exams (tests). As an example, CP104 - Introduction to Programming has hundreds of students enrolled every semester. MLS provides students the access to class materials and submission of assignments, and record of marks. Constructive student feedback is important for student success. Course with labs (CP104) has immediate feedback but compared to assignments the feedback is only received after being graded. Instructor and T.A\'92s can upload feedback in a delimited file but feedback needs to be specific to the individual, which is time consuming. The new project The user starts by selecting the course and grade item, then upload a formatted text file. This text file will be parsed by the <PRODUCT NAME>  backend and upload the students\'92 grades and feedback through the Brightspace API. The goal of implementing a new system of feedback input is to add user connivence and functionality.This way professors and T.As/I.As will no longer have to enter marks and free back one-by-one, making the process integrated and complete. \
\
1.3 Definitions\
\
API - Application Programming Interface\
Platform - application/ environment used to develop the software\
\
Filled out by anyone who thinks needs to put definitions for words they are using. \
\
\
1.4 References\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 IEEE. IEEE Std 830-1998 IEEE Recommended Practice for Software Requirements Specifications. IEEE Computer Society, 1998\
\'93MLS API Report\'94, April 30th 2017, Harold Hodgins, Wilfrid Laurier University\
1.5 Overview\
The remainder of the SRS explains in detail the details and plan of execution. Details include interfaces software platforms  used, product design, functionality etc.  The document is organized  to mirror the layout of the IEEE Software Requirements Specifications document. 
\f1 \

\f0 \

\f1 \
}